(drumroll)
(rousing orchestral
fanfare playing)
(fanfare ends)
(sniffing)
(thump)
(screams)
(wails)
(continues screaming)
(screams)
(screaming)
Ohh!
(squawks)
(groaning)
(continues groaning)
Well, why not call it
the Big Chill or the Nippy Era?
I'm just sayin',
how do we know it's an Ice Age?
Because of all the ice!
Well, things
just got a little chillier.
-Help! Help!
Come on, kids, let's go!
The traffic's moving.
But, but, but, Dad!
No buts. You can
play extinction later.
Aw, okay.
Come on, guys.
So, where's Eddie?
He said something about
being on the verge,
-of an evolutionary breakthrough.
-Really?
Oh, I'm flying!
Some breakthrough.
-(gasps)
-Look out!
-You're going the wrong way!
-(shouting)
Raging mammoth!
Hey, do the world a favor!
Move your issues off the road!
If my trunk was that small,
I wouldn't draw attention to myself, pal.
Give me a break.
We... We've been waddlin' all day.
Oh, go ahead.
Follow the crowd.
It'll be quieter when you're gone.
Ah, come on.
If he wants to freeze to death, let him.
(snoring)
(yelps)
Huh?
Hey, hey, I'm up.
I'm up.
Hey, rise and shine, everybody.
Huh? Zak? Marshall?
Bertie? Uncle Fungus?
Where is everybody?
Come on, guys.
We're gonna miss the mi...
the mi... the migration.
(cricket chirping)
They left without me.
They do this every year.
Why? Doesn't anyone love me?
Isn't there anyone
who cares about Sid the Sloth?
All right,
I'll just go by myself.
-(squish)
-Oh, sick.
Hey, wide body!
Curb it next time!
Oh, jeez. Oh, yuck! Oh!
I can't believe it.
Fresh wild greens.
-Frank, where did you ever?
-Go ahead. Dig in.
A dandelion!
I thought the frost wiped 'em all out.
All but one.
Oh, it makes me so...
Oh, I... Oh, yuck!
This has definitely
not been my day.
I mean, you know
what I'm saying, buddy?
Oh, what a mess. Hey, you rhinos,
you know, you have really tiny brains.
Did you know that?
No, it's just a fact. No offense.
You probably don't even know
what I'm talkin' about.
(chuckles)
Oh, yummo!
A dandelion. Must be the last one
of the season. Mmm! Mmm!
-Mmm!
-Carl?
-Easy, Frank.
-He ruined our salad.
Oh, oh, my mistake, fellas.
My mistake.
I mean, let me, let me...
No, no, seriously, I...
Let me take care of this.
W-What? What is this?
Pine cones!
Oh, my goodness! They're my favorite.
Mmm! Delicious.
Ow. Uh, that's uh, good eatin'.
But don't let me
hog them all up. Oh, no.
Here, you have some.
Tasty, isn't it?
Bon appétit.
Now?
Now.
(screaming)
Hey!
(hoofbeats)
-Just pretend that I'm not here.
-Man, I wanted to hit him at full speed.
That's okay, Frank.
We'll have some fun with him.
Don't let them impale me.
Please. I want to live!
-Get off me.
-Come on. You're making a scene.
Uh-huh. We'll just take our furry piñata
and go, if you don't mind.
Hey, buddy, if it's not them today,
it's just someone else tomorrow.
Well, I'd rather it
not be today, okay?
Look, we're gonna break your neck
so you don't feel a thing. How's that?
Wait a minute. I thought
rhinos were vegetarians.
-An excellent point.
-Shut up.
Who says we're gonna
eat him after we kill him?
Yeah, come on, move it.
You know, I don't like animals
that kill for pleasure.
-Save it for a mammal that cares.
-I'm a mammal that cares.
Okay, look, if either of you make it
across that sinkhole in front of you,
you get the sloth.
That's right, you losers.
You take one step, and you're dead!
-You were bluffing, huh?
-Yeah. Yeah, that was a bluff.
-Get him!
(screaming)
Who-hoo!
(screams)
A dandelion?
Whoo-hoo! We did it!
We did it!
-Wh... What?
-(screams)
You have beautiful eyes.
Get off my face.
Whoa. You and me,
we make a great team. I mean,
whattaya say we just head south together.
Great. Yeah. Hey, jump up
on my back and relax the whole way.
-Wow, really?
-No.
Wait.
Aren't you going south?
The change of seasons?
Migration instincts?
-Any of this ringin' a bell?
-I guess not. Bye.
Okay, then. Thanks for the help.
I can take it from here.
Hey, you overgrown weasel!
Wait till we get down there!
Whoa! That whole south thing
is way overrated.
The heat, the crowds. Who needs it?
I mean, isn't this great?
You and me, two bachelors
knocking about in the wild.
No, you just want a bodyguard so you don't
become somebody's side dish.
You're a very shrewd mammal.
Okay, then you lead the way,
Mr. Big, uh... I didn't get the name.
-Manfred.
-Manfred? Yuck, man.
How about Manny,
the Moody Mammoth?
Or Manny the Melancholy...
Manny the... (gasps)
Stop following me.
Okay, okay,
so you've got issues.
Look, you won't even know I'm here.
I'll just zip the lip.
'Cause when I say "mmm,"
I'm "mmm."
(baby laughing)
MALE VOICE: Oh, look at the cute
little baby, Diego.
Isn't it nice
he'll be joining us for breakfast?
It wouldn't be breakfast
without him.
Especially since
his daddy wiped out half our pack
and wears our skin
to keep warm.
An eye for an eye.
Don't you think?
Let's show that human what happens
when he messes with sabers.
Alert the troops.
We attack at dawn.
And, Diego, bring me
that baby... alive.
If I'm gonna enjoy my revenge,
I want it to be fresh.
Ohh!
(panting)
Whew. I'm wiped out.
That's your shelter?
Hey, you're a big guy.
You got a lot of wood. I'm a little guy.
You got half a stick.
Yeah, but with my little stick,
and my highly evolved brain... Ow!
I shall create fire.
Fascinating.
We'll see if brains triumph over brawn
tonight, now, won't we?
(thunder crashing)
Hey, I think
I saw a spark.
Uh, any chance I could squeeze in there
with you, Manny, old pal?
Oh, isn't there
someone else you can annoy?
Friends, family,
poisonous reptiles?
Oh, my family abandoned me.
They just kinda migrated
without me.
You should see what they did last year.
They woke up early,
and then they quietly tied
my hands and feet
and they gagged me with a field mouse...
and barricaded the cave door
and covered their tracks...
and went through water
so I'd lose their scent and, and, and...
-And who needs 'em anyway.
-(thunder crashing)
So what about you?
You have family?
Okay, you're tired. I see.
Well, we'll talk more in the morning.
Ow! Ow!
Ah, ah! Ow! Ow!
Uh, Manfred? Manfred?
Could you scooch over a drop?
Oh, come on!
Nobody falls asleep that fast!
Manny!
(straining, panting)
(groans)
(growling)
(barking)
(barking continues)
(calls out)
(growling, barking)
There's Diego.
Fall back!
-Where's the baby?
-I lost it over the falls.
You lost it?
I want that baby, Diego.
-I'll get it.
-You'd better,
unless you want to serve yourself
as a replacement.
We'll go up to Half Peak.
Meet us there.
It had better be alive.
Can we trust you with that, Diego?
Let's go!
(dog whimpers)
(barking, shouting)
And then she picked this hair
off my shoulder and says, "Look,
if you're gonna have
an extra mating dance,
at least pick a female
with the same color pelt."
Right? And I thought,
"Whoa, she's gonna go praying mantis
on me." You know what I'm sayin'.
Hey, if you find a mate in life,
you should be loyal.
In your case, grateful.
Now, get away from me.
Well, I think, mating for life
is stupid.
I mean, there's plenty of Sid
to go around, you know?
Manny?
Look at that.
He's okay.
She's gone.
Hey, hey, hey, hey, Manny,
Manny, are you forgetting something?
No.
But-- but you just saved him.
Yeah, well, I'm still trying to
get rid of the last thing I saved.
But you can't leave him here.
(baby cooing)
Look, there's smoke.
That's his herd right up the hill.
-We should return him.
-Let's get something straight here, okay?
There is no "we."
There never was a "we."
In fact, without me,
there wouldn't even be a "you."
Just up the hill.
Listen very carefully.
I'm not going.
Fine. Be a jerk.
I'll take care of him.
Oh, yeah, that's good.
You'll take care of him.
You can't even take care of yourself.
This I gotta see.
I'll return you.
We don't need that
meany-weeny mammoth, do we?
No, we don't.
(straining)
You're an embarrassment to nature.
Do you know that?
This is cake!
I'm fine! I'm fine! I'm gonna die.
(baby cooing)
(baby laughing)
Manny!
(baby laughs)
(growls)
(roars)
(clears throat)
Um, that pink thing is mine.
Uh, no, actually,
that pink thing belongs to us.
Us? You two are
a bit of an odd couple.
There is no us!
I see. Can't have one of your own,
so you want to adopt.
Look, I'm sorry to interrupt your snack,
but we got to go.
The baby? Please.
I was returning him to his herd.
-Oh, yeah. Nice try, bucktooth.
-You calling me a liar?
-I didn't say that.
-You were thinking it.
-I don't like this cat. He reads minds.
-Name's Diego, friend.
Manfred. And I'm not your friend.
Fine, Manfred.
If you're looking for the humans,
you're wasting your time.
-They left this morning.
-Thanks for the advice. Now beat it.
All right, I'll help you
bring it to its herd.
But promise me that you'll
leave me alone after that.
Okay. Okay, deal.
-Hey, what's your problem?
-You are my problem.
Well, I think you're stressed,
and that's why you eat so much.
I mean, It's hard to get fat
on a vegan diet.
I'm not fat.
It's all this fur.
-It makes me look poofy.
-All right.
You have fat hair,
but when you're ready to talk, I'm here.
MANFRED: What are you doing?
Just drop it on the ledge.
SID: Shouldn't we make sure
they found him?
-Good idea.
-Oh, no, no. No, no, wait, wait, wait!
(screams)
Don't spear me!
Oh, this is a problem.
Now what? Oh, that's perfect.
(baby cooing)
-(baby laughing)
-Hey, hey, hey.
(baby cooing)
(baby laughing)
-I told you they were gone.
-Well, look who it is.
Don't you have some poor,
defenseless animal to disembowel?
Oh, they couldn't be far.
I mean, they went this way
or this way or maybe...
You don't know much
about tracking, do you?
Hey, I'm a sloth. I see a tree,
eat a leaf. That's my tracking.
You didn't miss them by much.
It's still green.
They headed north two hours ago.
"Hey, it's still green.
They headed north two hours ago."
(laughing)
You don't need this aggravation.
Give me the baby.
I can track humans down
a lot faster than you can.
And you're just a good citizen
helping out, right?
I just know where
the humans are going.
Glacier Pass. Everybody knows they have
a settlement on the other side.
Well, unless
you know how to track,
you're never gonna reach them
before the pass closes up with snow,
which should be, like, tomorrow.
So you can give that baby to me
or go get lost in a blizzard.
It's your choice.
Here's your little bundle of joy.
We're returning it to the humans.
Aw, the big, bad tigey-wigey
gets left behind. Poor tigey-wigey.
Sid, tigey-wigey's
gonna lead the way.
Uh, uh, Manny, can I...
can I talk to you for a second?
No. The sooner we find the humans,
the sooner I get rid of Mr. Stinky
Droolface and the baby too.
You won't always have Jumbo
around to protect you.
And when that day comes,
I suggest you watch your back,
'cause I'll be chewing on it.
Hey, Uber tracker,
up front where I can see you!
Help me.
(baby crying)
Oh, you got to make it stop.
I can't take it anymore!
I've eaten things that
didn't complain as much!
-He won't stop squirming.
-You're holding it wrong!
-Watch its head!
-Just put it down!
Jeez, pick him up, put him down.
(gibberish)
-Its nose is dry.
-That means something's wrong with it.
Someone should lick it.
Just in case.
I'll do it.
Hey, he's wearing one
of those baby thingies.
-So?
-So if he poops, where does it go?
-(crying)
-Humans are disgusting.
-Okay, you, check for poop.
-Hey, why am I the poop checker?
Because returning the runt was your idea.
Because you're small and insignificant.
And because
I'll pummel you if you don't.
-Why else?
-Now, Sid!
-(crying continues)
-Eww! Yuck!
Eww! I mean, my goodness.
All right, look out, look out.
Coming through.
Hey, watch out!
-Stop waving that thing around!
-Ooh, ooh, I'm gonna slip.
SID: It's clean!
-Got ya! (laughs)
-(crying)
-Will you cut it out?
-(chuckles)
(crying)
Hey, do that again.
He likes it.
(snickers)
It's making me feel better, too.
-(crying)
-Here, you hold it.
(chuckles)
(giggles)
-(crying)
-Here, turn him towards me!
Where's the baby?
There he is!
(crying)
Stop it!
You're scaring him!
(stomach growling)
I bet he's hungry.
-How 'bout some milk?
-Ooh, I'd love some!
Not you! The baby!
Well, I ain't exactly
lactating right now, pal.
You're a little low on the food chain
to be mouthing off, aren't...
Enough!
(echoing)
(object drops)
-Food!
(squawking)
♪ I don't know
but I've been told ♪
♪ End of the world
be mighty cold ♪
Prepare for the Ice Age!
Protect the dodo way of life!
Survival separates the dodo
from the beast!
Protect the dodo way of life!
-Prepare for the Ice Age!
-Ice Age?
I've heard of these crackpots.
(squawks)
Intruders!
Now don't fall in.
If you do, you will definitely...
Intruders! Intru...
(squawks)
Eww.
Burn and die.
Hey, can we have
our melon back?
-Junior's hungry and, uh...
-No way!
This is our private stockpile
for the Ice Age.
Subarctic temperatures will force us
underground for a million billion years.
So you got three melons?
If you weren't smart enough to plan ahead,
then doom on you.
Doom on you.
Get away from me.
-Doom on you.
-Oh, no! No!
Retrieve the melon!
Tae kwon dodos, attack!
(Karate yelling)
The melon!
The melon! The melon!
There goes our last female.
Got it, got it, got it, got it...
Don't got it.
The last melon!
(gobbling)
(yells)
(yelling)
(squeals)
Aw, Sid!
Now we gotta find more food!
Right. More to the right.
More to the right!
Hey, look at that.
Dinner and a show.
Left, left, left!
(screaming)
Now to find a meal
befitting a conquering hero.
What ho? A foe? Come on! Come on.
You want a piece of me?
(Karate yell)
Spoils worthy of such a noble...
Bedtime, squirt.
Oh, the triumphant return.
Huh? Oh, that.
I'm so full.
How 'bout a good-night kiss
for your big buddy Sid?
-Shh. He's asleep.
-I was talking to you.
Fine. I'll tuck myself in.
(yawns)
All right. Good night.
SID: (yawning)
(mumbling)
(yells)
-Ahh!
-Will you stop it!
All right, all right.
Just trying to relax.
(sucking)
-MANFRED: Oy.
-SID: (snoring)
(snoring)
(rustling)
What the...
Go ahead, slice me.
It'll be the last thing you ever do.
-I'm working here, you waste of fur.
-Frustrated, Diego?
Tracking down helpless infants
too difficult for you?
What are you two doing here?
Soto's getting tired of waiting.
Yeah, yeah.
He said come back with the baby...
or don't come back at all!
(laughs)
Well, I have a message for Soto.
Tell him I'm bringing the baby.
And tell him I'm bringing...
a mammoth.
-A mammoth?
-Mammoths never travel alone.
Well, this one does,
and I'm leading him to Half Peak.
Mmm.
-Look at all that meat. Let's get him!
-Not yet!
We'll need the whole pack
to bring this mammoth down.
Get everyone ready.
Now!
-Where's the baby?
-You lost it?
-Sid!
Ooh, it's so ugly.
It's positively adorable.
Hello, pumpkin.
Hello, little baldy bean.
-Where'd you find it?
-Ah, the poor kid. All alone in the wild.
Sabers were closing in on him,
so I just snatched him.
Oh, so brave.
Yeah, well, he needed me,
and I only wish I had one of my own too.
-Really? I find that attractive in a male.
-Oh, alas.
Who wouldn't want a family,
I always say.
-Where have you been hiding?
-Yeah, well, you know.
(laughs)
Cute kid, huh? So, so as I was
saying, ladies, uh...
(gasps)
Oh, hey!
-Hi, Manny.
-What's the matter with you?
Excuse me, ladies. You just keep
marinating, and I'll be right back.
Sexy.
Oh, he's not much to look at,
but it's so hard to find a family guy.
Tell me about it.
All the sensitive ones get eaten.
No, no, no, no!
M-M-Manny, please.
I'm begging you.
I need him.
What, a good-looking guy
like you?
-Aw, you say that, but you don't mean it.
-No, seriously, look at you.
SID: Aw, those ladies,
they don't stand a chance.
You have a very cruel
sense of humor.
Hey, don't let me cramp your style.
Oh, thanks, Manny.
You're a pal. You're the best.
-Without Pinky.
-No, M-M-Manny, I need him.
(humming)
So, ladies, where were we?
-Carl?
-Easy, Frank.
-(growling)
-(screaming)
Pretty tail walks by,
and suddenly he moves like a cheetah.
And that tiger. Yeah, Mr. Great Tracker.
Can't even find a sloth.
What am I?
Their wet nurse?
What are you looking at, bone bag?
(giggling)
Look at you. You're gonna grow
into a great predator.
I don't think so.
What do you got? You got a little
patch of fur, no fangs, no claws.
You're folds of skin,
wrapped in... mush.
What's so threatening
about you?
Hey, does this look like
a petting zoo to you, huh?
(screams)
(laughing)
Okay. All right, wise guy.
You just earned a time-out.
Oh, you think that's funny?
How 'bout this?
You'll be a little snack
for the owls.
You're a brave little squirt.
I'll give you that.
Whoa! Oh, thank goodness.
Thank goodness.
Oh, no! A tiger!
Help! Help!
-Where's the baby?
-Oh, he's fine. Manfred has him.
Just put me in your mouth.
Come on. Hurry up. Ohh!
He got me! Oh, help.
-(hoofbeats)
-Get away from me.
He went this way.
Over here.
(snarls)
No! Carl, the tiger
beat us to him.
Wait a minute.
(sniffs, grunts)
He's dead, all right.
Ohh! Carnivores
have all the fun.
Oh, gosh. I hate breaking
their hearts like that.
Ah, but you know how it is.
All right, thanks.
Uh, you can put me down now.
M-Manny! Manny!
Guys, I thought
we were in a hurry.
Oh, and Diego, spit that out.
You don't know where it's been.
Boy, for a second there,
-I actually thought you were gonna eat me.
-I don't eat junk food.
(laughs) I thought you were gonna...
I thought you were gonna...
Were you?
Come on, wait up. Wait up!
Come on, come on, fellas.
-Can you wait a second, please?
Hey, fellas!
-♪ On my way ♪
-Whew! Thanks for waiting.
Three, two, one.
-Sure is faithful.
-♪ On my way On my way ♪
♪ I would like
to reach out my hand ♪
-Ah.
-Yah.
Ah. Bah. Ah.
Ah bah ah!
(shrieking)
-Don't make me reach back there!
-Yeah, well, he started it!
I don't care who started it!
I'll finish it!
(dings)
♪ Well, I would like
to hold my little hand ♪
♪ How we will run, we will ♪
♪ How we will crawl, we will ♪
♪ I would like to hold
my little hand ♪
♪ How we will run, we will ♪
♪ How we will crawl ♪
Modern architecture.
It'll never last.
♪ Send me on my way ♪
♪ Send me on my way
Send me on my way ♪
♪ Mm-hmm ♪
Hiya, Manny.
Hiya, Diego.
Hey, Sid.
-You're lost, aren't you?
-No.
-I know exactly where we are.
-Ask him directions.
-I don't need directions.
-Fine. I'll ask him.
Hey, buddy,
you see any humans go by here?
Ooh, ooh, ooh, I love this game.
I love this game. Okay, okay.
SID: Three words.
First word. Uh, stomp.
-SID: No, no. Stamp, stamp.
-MANFRED: Let me try. Uh,pack!
Good one, Manny.
Pack of... Long teeth and claws.
-Pack of wolves? Pack of...
-Pack of bears?
-MANFRED: Pack of fleas?
-SID: Pack of whiskers? Pack of noses?
-Pachyderm!
-Pack of lies.
Pack of troubles!
Pack a wallop!
-Pack of birds! Pack of flying fish!
-(screams)
♪ Well, I would like to hold
my little hand ♪
♪ How we will run, we will
How we will crawl, we will ♪
♪ I would like to hold
my little hand ♪
♪ How we will run, we will
How we will crawl ♪
♪ Send me on my way ♪
Hey! Great news.
I found a shortcut!
What do you mean, shortcut?
I mean faster than
the long way around.
-Ow! I know what a shortcut is!
-Look.
Either we slip through there
and beat the humans to Glacier Pass,
or we take the long way
and miss 'em.
Through there?
What do you take me for?
This time tomorrow,
you could be a free mammoth.
DIEGO: Or a nanny. Personally,
I never get tired of peekaboo.
Hey, guys. Hey, guys.
Check this out.
-(groaning)
-Sid, the tiger found a shortcut.
No, thanks. I choose life.
Then I suggest
you take the shortcut.
-Are you threatening me?
-Move, sloth!
(echoing)
(rumbling)
Way to go, tiger.
Quick! Inside!
Okay, I vote shortcut.
Come on, guys. Stick together.
It's easy to get lost in here.
Uh, guys?
(yelps)
(chuckles)
A fish.
(screams)
-Bah.
-Will you keep up, please?
Hard enough to keep track
of one baby.
(screams)
(laughing)
I gotcha!
Oww!
-Captain, iceberg ahead!
-(screaming)
(sighs)
-Oh, no.
-(screaming)
(baby laughing)
Wow! Whoo! Yeah!
Who's up for round two?
Oh.
(clears throat)
T-T-Tell the kid
to be more careful.
(sniffing)
Ah!
Look, look! Tigers!
-Yeech!
-(baby whimpering)
No, it's okay, it's okay.
Look, the tigers
are just playing tag with the antelope...
with their teeth.
Come on, Sid.
Let's play tag.
-You're it.
-(chuckles) Sure.
Okay, okay, okay,
where are the sloths?
You know, you never see
any sloths in these things.
Have you ever noticed?
Oh, look, Manny. A mammoth.
Ooh. Somebody pinch me.
Hey, hey, this fat one
looks just like you. Aww!
SID: And he's got a family.
Oh, and he's happy.
Look, he's playing with his kid.
See, Manny, that's your problem.
-That's what mammoths are supposed to do.
-Sid.
Find a she-moth, have
little baby mammoths and, and...
Sid!
-What? But...
-Shut up.
Oh.
(trumpets)
(trumpeting)
(whining, sniffing)
MANFRED:
Well, would you look at that.
The tiger actually did it.
There's Half Peak.
Next stop, Glacier Pass.
How could I ever
have doubted you.
Did you hear that, little fella?
You're almost home.
(baby coos)
My feet are sweating.
Do we have to get
a news flash every time...
your body does something?
He's doing it for attention.
Just ignore him.
Seriously.
My feet are really hot. Ow. Ow.
-Ow. Ow.
-(rumbling)
-Tell me that was your stomach.
-Shh!
I'm sure it was just thunder.
From underground?
Run!
-Come on, keep up with me.
-I would if you were moving!
-Wow. I wish I could jump like that.
-Wish granted.
(screams)
Come on! Move faster!
Have you noticed the river of lava?
Hold Pinky!
Whoa!
-Manny!
-(trumpets)
Manny, Manny,
Manny, you okay?
Come on, come on.
Say something. Anything!
(mumbles)
What? What?
I can't hear you.
-You're standing on my trunk.
-Oh.
(gasps)
-Oh, you're okay! You're okay!
-Why did you do that?
You could have died
trying to save me.
That's what you do in a herd.
You look out for each other.
Well, thanks.
I don't know about you guys, but we are
the weirdest herd I've ever seen.
(laughing)
I can't wait to get my claws
in that mammoth!
No one touches the mammoth
until I get that baby.
First, I'm gonna slice
its hindquarters into sections.
I'm gonna put the white meat
in one pile and the dark in another.
-Hey, knock it off! I'm starving!
-Next, the shoulders.
Occasionally tough,
but extremely juicy.
I told you to knock it off!
Save your energy!
Mammoths don't go down easy.
There's only one way to do it.
First you have
to force it into a corner.
Cut off its retreat.
And when you three have it trapped,
I'll go for the throat.
(gulps)
Guys, we gotta get this kid
out of the wind.
-How much further?
-Three miles.
I'm beat.
We'll get there in the morning.
What are you doing?
I'm putting sloths on the map.
Yeah, why don't you make it realistic
and draw him lying down?
And make him rounder.
DIEGO:
Perfect.
Ha ha.
I forgot how to laugh.
I'm a genius!
From now on, you'll have to refer to me
as Sid, Lord of the Flame.
Hey, Lord of the Flame,
your tail's on fire.
-(screaming)
-(baby laughing)
Ahh!
Thank you. From now on,
I'm gonna call you Diego.
Lord of Touch Me and You're Dead.
I'm just kidding,
you little knucklehead.
MANFRED: Hey, lovebirds.
Look at this.
I don't believe it.
Come here, you little biped.
Come here, you little wormy worm.
Come to Uncle Sid.
No, no, no, no, no, no.
This way. This way.
No, no, no, no.
Go to him.
-Um, okay.
-(coos)
Good job.
Uh, keep practicing.
Look at that.
Our little guy's growing up. (sneezes)
All right, come on.
Sleep time, Lumpy.
Look at that big pushover.
You know what, Diego, I've never had
a friend who would risk his life for me.
Yeah. Manny's...
He's a good guy.
Yeah, he is.
Well, good night.
-(pop)
-Ohh!
SID: All right, let's get you
all cleaned up.
I mean, what's your daddy gonna say if you
go back all schmutzy and stinky like this?
(slurps)
Let me just clean that up.
That looks good.
A little bit here.
You clean up nice, little fella.
I think he's starting to look like me.
Hey, Diego, what do you think?
-Maybe we shouldn't do this.
-Why not?
Because if we save him, he'll grow up to
be a hunter. Who do you think he'll hunt?
Maybe because we save him,
he won't hunt us. Ow!
Yeah, and maybe he'll grow fur
and a long, skinny neck...
DIEGO: and call you Mama!
What's your problem?
Nothing. Let's go.
I'm freezing my tail off.
Hey, Diego!
You frozen back there?
Get down!
-What?
-Shh!
-Get down and follow me.
-Hey, what's going on?
At the bottom of Half Peak,
there's an ambush waiting for you.
-What?
-What do you mean, ambush?
You set us up.
It was my job! I was supposed to
get the baby, but then...
You brought us home for dinner.
That's it.
You're out of the herd!
-I'm sorry.
-No, you're not. Not yet.
Listen, I can help you.
Stay close, Sid.
We can fight our way out!
You can't! The pack's too strong.
You have to trust me.
Trust you? Why in the world
would we trust you?
Because I'm your only chance.
Hello, ladies.
Hey, look who decided
to show up.
Diego, I was beginning
to worry about you.
No need to worry.
In about two minutes,
you'll be satisfying
your taste for revenge.
Very nice.
I see the sloth,
and he's got the baby!
Don't give away your positions
until you see the mammoth.
-He's the one we have to surprise.
-(whining)
You want to maul something,
don't you, Zeke?
Uh-huh. I wanna maul.
-Then what are you waiting for?
-(roars)
No! I said
wait for the mammoth!
Whoo-hoo!
Whee! Back scratcher!
Ha ha! Eat my powder!
Whee! Oh!
Loop-de-loop!
Slalom! Slalom, baby!
Whoo-hoo!
(screams)
SID: Sorry, fellas!
He got a little frostbite.
Get him!
Surprise!
Okay, follow me. We'll pick up Sid
and get out of here while we can.
Come on, Diego.
Let's bring this mammoth down.
There he is. Ah.
-(growling)
-That's right. Where's the baby?
-(roars)
-(screams)
Survival of the fittest!
I don't think so. Yeah.
-What are you doing?
-Leave the mammoth alone.
Fine. I'll take you down first.
(bellows, trumpets)
(bellows)
(baby yells)
(thud)
(growls)
We did it!
Yeah. We were some team, huh?
Were? Come on.
We're still a team.
I'm, uh, sorry I set you up.
Ah, you know me.
I'm too lazy to hold a grudge.
Hey, knock it off, squirt.
You got to be strong.
You have to take care
of Manfred and Sid.
Especially Sid.
Come on, you can lick this.
You're a tiger.
Look, I'll carry you.
Come on, what do you say?
SID: Come on, Diego, come on.
Tell him he's gonna
be okay, Manny.
DIEGO:
Listen.
You have to leave me here.
If those humans get through the pass,
you'll never catch them.
You didn't have to do that.
That's what you do in a herd.
(growling)
(barking)
(barking, shouting)
(grunts)
(cooing)
Don't forget about us, okay?
We won't forget about you.
SID:
Bye.
-Good-bye. Good-bye.
-Sid.
SID: Bye. Bye.
That's right!
Where's the baby?
Come on, Sid.
Let's head south.
SID: Bye.
Save your breath, Sid.
You know humans can't talk.
Diego? You're okay!
Nine lives, baby!
Yea! You're okay!
You're okay!
I could kiss you!
Mmm! Mmm! Mmm!
Yuck! Yuck!
(spits)
Well, welcome back, partner.
Want a lift?
No, thanks. I've got to save
whatever dignity I've got left.
You're hanging out
with us now buddy.
Dignity's got nothing to do with it.
But I'll take that lift.
-Yeah, climb aboard.
-Pick me up, buddy.
Yee-ha! Mush!
Or not mush. Either way.
This is gonna be
the best migration ever!
I'm tellin' ya, I'll show you
all my favorite watering holes.
And I turn brown when the fungus
in my fur dries out.
Yeah, sounds very attractive.
You know, this whole
Ice Age thing's getting old.
You know what I could go for?
Global warming.
-MANFRED: Oy.
-DIEGO: Keep dreaming.
No, really!
(grunting)
(sighs)
(straining)
(yelling)
(thump)
(whining, chuckling)
(music playing)
Subtitled by:
Axium Digital, Inc.